TODO.md, before:

# TODO list
Client side:
1: Config: Edit Org codes and metrics questions
---Issue with questions being hardcoded in review.js?
<!-- 1: Responsiveness fix (see lego project code) -->
<!-- 1: Endorse a proposal only once. & proper update function -->
2: Table search strings
Enhancements:
  3: Frontpage
  3: Contacts
  3: About Us
  2: Title/body in reports/supplementals
<!-- -Once over of proposal submission, add categories -->
<!-- -Manifests on voting page -->
<!-- -Only members can vote -->
<!-- -Update contacts. -->
<!-- -Update STF members -->
<!-- -Drawer responsiveness -->
Server side
 2: -Totals calculations
<!-- -Autogenerate proposal numbers / quarters etc -->
<!-- -Publish proposals with >3 sigs -->

Test:
2* : Posting manifests in new proposal
2*: Reports
2*: Supplements

Known issues:
-Breadcrumbs not allowed to nest
-Supplemental requests coming through w/o items, even when they are submitted (post or patch).
-Proposal refresh not working

---
4: Shibboleth
5: Deployment

Documents listed on current website.
Update by-law documents (old, not the curr approved version)
Annual reports ??
Most recently approved bylaws
Currently have May 31 2016

Commit message:

Style fixes, testing of post functions, etc. Cannot find strong indicators of the post bug, may be caused by poor update functions.

TODO.md, after:

# TODO list
Client side:
<!-- 1: Config: Edit Org codes and metrics questions -->
<!-- ---Issue with questions being hardcoded in review.js? -->
<!-- 1: Responsiveness fix (see lego project code) -->
<!-- 1: Endorse a proposal only once. & proper update function -->
2: Table search strings
Enhancements:
  3: Frontpage
  3: Contacts
  3: About Us
  2: Title/body in reports/supplementals
<!-- -Once over of proposal submission, add categories -->
<!-- -Manifests on voting page -->
<!-- -Only members can vote -->
<!-- -Update contacts. -->
<!-- -Update STF members -->
<!-- -Drawer responsiveness -->
Server side
 2: -Totals calculations
<!-- -Autogenerate proposal numbers / quarters etc -->
<!-- -Publish proposals with >3 sigs -->

Test:
2* : Posting manifests in new proposal
2*: Reports
2*: Supplements

Known issues:
-Breadcrumbs not allowed to nest
-Supplemental requests coming through w/o items, even when they are submitted (post or patch).
-Proposal refresh not working

---
4: Shibboleth
5: Deployment

Documents listed on current website.
Update by-law documents (old, not the curr approved version)
Annual reports ??
Most recently approved bylaws
Currently have May 31 2016

Errors:
-Props resetting spreadsheets when they are patched.

3: Update ask/received dynamically and as necessary.
3: Proposal numbering is off.
